docs: slider docs (#2525)
marigold-ui/marigold: docs/src/pages/components/slider.mdx

github: https://github.com/marigold-ui/marigold/blob/main/packages/components/src/Slider/Slider.tsx
edit: https://github.com/marigold-ui/marigold/blob/main/docs/src/pages/components/slider.mdx
switchTheme: true
caption: Component to select a value within a range.
---

> The `<Slider>` is a form component that allows users to quickly select a value within a range. They should be used when the upper and lower bounds to the range are invariable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<Slider>` is a form component that allows users to quickly select a value within a range. They should be used when the upper and lower bounds of the range are known and static.
```

### Width

Here you can see a `<Slider>` with a smaller width than the default.

```tsx preview file=components/Slider/slider-width.demo.tsx

```

### Disabled

You can also disable the `<Slider>` if you want user not to select a value.

```tsx preview file=components/Slider/slider-disabled.demo.tsx

```

### Step

This example shows how to use the `step` property. The value is set in steps of 10.

```tsx preview file=components/Slider/slider-steps.demo.tsx

```

### Max value

If you want to use a other `maxValue` than 100. You can set the property and change it to the value you want.

```tsx preview file=components/Slider/slider-max.demo.tsx

```

### Value (controlled)

> This example shows how to build a controlled `<Slider>`. You see that there is used the `value` prop with an `onChange`. The default value in this case is set to 75, but if you change the value will be updated. If you want an uncontrolled `<Slider>` see next example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to build a controlled `<Slider>`. The `value` prop together with the `onChange` prop are used to update and set the current value. The default value in the example is set to "75", if you manually change the value it will be updated. If you want an uncontrolled `<Slider>` see the next example.
```
